Adding An Event Video Page to Docs (#122)
WomenWhoCode/WWCodeGreenville: WWCode_Event_Recordings/EventRecordings.md

# Women Who Code Greenville YouTube Videos:

> *You can find a list of all of WWCodes videos [here](https://www.youtube.com/@WomenWhoCode/) on our YouTube channel. Don't forget to subscribe for future updates.*

Reviewer: our network YouTube url is https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVcEZG2JPVhclL1RUkH6Dt0nE3CXFcXpj

Reviewer: There are a few more videos there

Author: I checked the link. I belive I linked to these videos already. But thank you for letting me know.

> *You can find a list of all of WWCodes videos [here](https://www.youtube.com/@WomenWhoCode/) on our YouTube channel. Don't forget to subscribe for future updates.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*You can find a list of all of WWCode videos [here](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVcEZG2JPVhclL1RUkH6Dt0nE3CXFcXpj) on our YouTube channel. Don't forget to subscribe for future updates.*
```
